---
id: faqs
title: FAQs
sidebar_label: FAQs
slug: /faqs
---

#### Q. When $ARGO fee for platform utility going live ?
A. We have recently partnered with a oracle provider to get onchain $ARGO pricefeed, the integration from our side is ready, just waiting for them to deploy their solution.

#### Q. Is there any buying pressure for $ARGO token generated by any platform service?
A. Yes, our platform deployment fees will be taken in $ARGO token.

#### Q. So what makes $ArGotoken deflationary and scarce as As Argo charges a one-time fee. How do ArGo team and holders make profits?

#### Q. What are the expected features for Argo V2.0? What is the new add-on we gonna see? How it'll be different from V1.0

#### Q. How ArGo V 2.0 will impact the ArGo token price?

#### Q. When can we expect the ArGo staking in Matic Chain?

#### Q. I'm new to ArGo and am amazed by this project but Unifarm staking is already full. How I can benefit more by holding ArGo tokens?

#### Q. You have partnered with a lot of projects recently. How these partnerships can benefit ArGo. Can you talk about some?

#### Q. Do I need to have an Arweave wallet to use ArGo platform for web deployment?

#### Q. How will ArGo address the challenges against DeFi mass adoption? Most DeFi solutions are only accessible to those with a high level of understanding of blockchain technology. How easy it is to learn about web deployment and DSNs?

#### Q. ArGo DSN is said to offer lower costs. But the thing is there is already a lot of shared hosting platforms for small retailer & business that offer very cheap and charges a fraction of what we would pay if we got our full service that too including SSL at no extra cost. How ArGo competes with them?

#### Q. How maintenance costs can be reduced with ArGo if I deploy my web app in ArGo?